Submission ID
Respondent ID
Submitted at
What program were you in first year?
What program are you in now?
What 2 areas did you specialize in?
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 1: Photonics & Semiconductor Physics)
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 2: Electromagnetics & Energy Systems)
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 3: Digital & Analog Electronics)
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 4: Systems Control, Communications & Signal Processing)
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 5: Computer Hardware & Computer Networks)
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 6: Computer Software)
What is your gender?
What is your sexual orientation?
Are you a domestic or international student?
Where did you attend high school?
What are your Ethnicities?
What are your Ethnicities? (North American origins)
What are your Ethnicities? (European origins)
What are your Ethnicities? (Caribbean origins)
What are your Ethnicities? (Latin, Central and South American origins)
What are your Ethnicities? (African origins)
What are your Ethnicities? (Asian origins)
What are your Ethnicities? (Oceanian origins)
What are your Ethnicities? (Other ethnic and cultural origins)
Do you identify as an Indigenous person, that is, First Nations, Metis, or Inuk (Inuit)?
Where is home? 
Did you or your parents immigrate to Canada?
Was one of your parents born as a Canada Citizen?
Education Level of Parents
Family Income Before UofT
https://money.usnews.com/money/personal-finance/family-finance/articles/where-do-i-fall-in-the-american-economic-class-system
How many siblings do you have?
Did you participate in an enriched program?
What was your first-year 1st semester average (percentage)? 
What was your first-year 2nd semester average (percentage)? 
In what year did you start your university studies?
What was your dream career as kid?
What languages do you speak at home? (If more than 1, please section by a comma. ie English, Italian, French)
What is your religious affiliation?
What is the religious affiliation of your parent(s)?
What was your high school admissions average? (% percentage score)
What was your second-year first semester average (%)?
What was your second-year second semester average (%)?
What was your third-year first semester average (%)?
What was your third-year second semester average (%)?
What was your fourth-year first semester average (%)?
Which term would you consider was the most difficult?
Which term would you consider was the most easy?
Have you ever failed a course?
Have you ever failed a midterm/exam?
Favourite Professors (if multiple, separate with comma)?
What is your favourite required course in ECE?
What is your LEAST favourite required course in ECE?
Which technical electives did you take?  (course codes only)
APS### (1)
ECE###
What Complimentary Studies (CSS)/Humanities &amp; Social Science (HSS) electives did you take? (course codes only)
APS### (2)
TEP###
GRE###
What Science/Math did you take? (course code only)
Did you take a course over PEY?
Have you ever take summer courses?
Have you ever overloaded (taken 6 or more courses in a semester)? 
What terms did you overload?
What terms did you overload? (2nd year - 1st semester)
What terms did you overload? (2nd year - 2nd semester)
What terms did you overload? (3rd year - 1st semester)
What terms did you overload? (3rd year - 2nd semester)
What terms did you overload? (4th year - 1st semester)
What terms did you overload? (4th year - 2nd semester)
Have you participated in an exchange?
If yes, where did you do your exchange?
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not?
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Location uncertainty/mismatch)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Money/Costs of exchange)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Application logistics)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Did not know that was an option)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Worried about graduatingon time)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Lack of course flexibility)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Not interested in exchange)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Cancelled/unable)
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Other)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op?
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Hardware)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (VSLI Systems)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Electrical Energy Systems)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Other Electrical Systems)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Embedded)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Frontend SWE)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Backend SWE)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Full Stack)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Q/A Testing)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (DevOps)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Mobile)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Machine Learning)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Consulting)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Unrelated)
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Other)
Where did you do your PEY Co-op?
What was your hourly pay for PEY?
Who was your employer?
Please rate your work term experience. 
Do you think that the pandemic affected your search for a PEY Co-op negatively?
Will you be returning to your past PEY employer?
After graduation, my next step is..
If you are doing grad school, where will you study?
Will you obtain your Professional Engineering (P.Eng) designation?
Regardless of your current circumstance, where do you prefer for your Full-Time job to be?
If you are working, what is your Full-Time Base Salary for your role?
Currency: USD, CAD, EUR (1)
If you are working, what is your Full-Time Total Compensation for your role?
Currency: USD, CAD, EUR (2)
Which company are you going to for Full-Time work?
When did you start your Full-Time Job Search?
When did you stop your your Full-Time Job Search?
What was your CGPA, Cumulative Grade Point Average (% score)? 
Are you returning to the company where you did your PEY? 
Are you returning to the company where you did a summer internship? 
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job?
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Benefits)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Career Growth Opportunities)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Company Culture )
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Compensation)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Impactful Work)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Industry that I Want to be Working In)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Lack of Other Opportunities)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Remote Work Flexibility)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (To Be Near Family)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (To be Near Friends)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (To be Near a Significant Other)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Other Location-Based Reason)
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Other)
Are you planning to do Grad Trip?
Where are you going on your Grad Trip (countries or Canadian province)?
What will you do after an ECE-related career, apart from retirement? 
Please score your post-grad contentedness
How much debt are you graduating with?
How much of your tuition did you pay on your own (%) ?
Did you receive OSAP at least once?
Did you receive UTAPS at least once?
Would you consider donating to UofT in the future?
How satisfied are you with your academic experience at UofT?
How satisfied are you with your student life at UofT?
Would you choose your same program again?
If you responded no, which program would you have chosen instead?
How likely is it you would recommend this department to other prospective students?
I developed close friendships within my ECE class
Overall, my class is tight-knit and friendly with each other
How many close friends would you say you have in the ECE 2T2 cohort?  
How many friends would you say you have in the ECE 2T2 cohort?  
Overall, my feelings about the ECE department are
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following?
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Anxiety)
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Depression)
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Imposter Syndrome)
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Low Self-Esteem)
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Panic Attacks)
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Eating Disorders)
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (ADD/ADHD)
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (None of the above)
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively?
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (School Academics)
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Social Life)
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Relationships)
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Family)
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Athletics)
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Other)
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Nothing contributed negatively)
Have you sought out mental health support at the university?
Which mental health supports did you seek out?
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (support from friends)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (support from family)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (mental health office/therapy at UofT)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (therapy outside UofT)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Self-help books/websites/readings)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Online communities)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Reddit)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Religious Communities)
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Other)
Would you attribute changes in your mental health, if any, to your university experiences?
Do you think UofT has adequate mental health resources for students?
In first year, where did you live?
In your last year, where did you live?
How many hours a week do you spend with your parents (online/digitally)?
How many hours a week do you spend with your parents (in-person)?
How often do you exercise?
What types of physical activity do you do?
How often do you cook for yourself?
Where do you get groceries from?
Eating on campus! Where are your favourite places to eat on campus?
Do you budget your money
What makes you happy?
What are some hobbies that you picked up during the last 5 years?
How often do you go out?
Are you going to grad ball?
How many hackathons have you attended?
What clubs, design teams, or committees have you been a member of at UofT?
What intramural sports have you played at UofT?
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Tennis)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Soccer)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Volleyball)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Badminton )
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Ultimate)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Intertube Waterpolo)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Lacrosse)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Field Hockey)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Hockey)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Dodgeball)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Ping Pong)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Table Tennis)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Basketball)
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (None)
How often did you participate in an intramural sport?
What activities did you participate in off-campus?
How many times did you fall ill or were injured over the past 5 years?
What is your preferred operating system?
What is your preferred mobile operating system?
What is your favourite programming language?
What is your favourite code editor?
When do you usually go to sleep during the school term?
How many hours a day would you sleep?
Which of the following applies to you?
Which of the following applies to you? (Have gone to a nightclub)
Which of the following applies to you? (Have gone to class while drunk/high)
Which of the following applies to you? (Have taken an edible in class )
Which of the following applies to you? (have taken a test or exam while drunk or high )
Which of the following applies to you? (have been arrested before)
Which of the following applies to you? (had to go to the hospital due to alcohol/drug intake)
How many committed relationships have you been in during university?
Have you dated another ECE 2T2?
How has your understanding of relationships changed in the past 5 years?
Which of the following have you done before university?
Which of the following have you done before university? (Hold hands romantically)
Which of the following have you done before university? (Gone on a date)
Which of the following have you done before university? (Kissed someone romantically)
Which of the following have you done before university? (Been in a committed relationship)
Which of the following have you done before university? (Been in a long distance relationship)
Which of the following have you done before university? (Had 'friends with benefits')
Which of the following have you done before university? (Used a dating app)
Which of the following have you done during university?
Which of the following have you done during university? (Hold hands romantically)
Which of the following have you done during university? (Gone on a date)
Which of the following have you done during university? (Kissed someone romantically)
Which of the following have you done during university? (Been in a committed relationship)
Which of the following have you done during university? (Been in a long distance relationship)
Which of the following have you done during university? (Had 'friends with benefits')
Which of the following have you done during university? (Used a dating app)
List the recreational controlled substances you have used during university
Untitled long answer field (1)
Untitled long answer field (2)
Untitled long answer field (3)
How many sexual partners have you had