Submission ID: 0
Respondent ID: 0
Submitted at: 0
What program were you in first year?: 0
What program are you in now?: 0
What 2 areas did you specialize in?: 0
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 1: Photonics & Semiconductor Physics): 0
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 2: Electromagnetics & Energy Systems): 0
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 3: Digital & Analog Electronics): 0
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 4: Systems Control, Communications & Signal Processing): 0
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 5: Computer Hardware & Computer Networks): 0
What 2 areas did you specialize in? (Area 6: Computer Software): 0
What is your gender?: 0
What is your sexual orientation?: 1
Are you a domestic or international student?: 1
Where did you attend high school?: 2
What are your Ethnicities?: 1
What are your Ethnicities? (North American origins): 1
What are your Ethnicities? (European origins): 1
What are your Ethnicities? (Caribbean origins): 1
What are your Ethnicities? (Latin, Central and South American origins): 1
What are your Ethnicities? (African origins): 1
What are your Ethnicities? (Asian origins): 1
What are your Ethnicities? (Oceanian origins): 1
What are your Ethnicities? (Other ethnic and cultural origins): 1
Do you identify as an Indigenous person, that is, First Nations, Metis, or Inuk (Inuit)?: 1
Where is home? : 3
Did you or your parents immigrate to Canada?: 2
Was one of your parents born as a Canada Citizen?: 2
Education Level of Parents: 3
Family Income Before UofT: 5
How many siblings do you have?: 2
Did you participate in an enriched program?: 0
What was your first-year 1st semester average (percentage)? : 6
What was your first-year 2nd semester average (percentage)? : 8
In what year did you start your university studies?: 1
What was your dream career as kid?: 6
What languages do you speak at home? (If more than 1, please section by a comma. ie English, Italian, French): 5
What is your religious affiliation?: 2
What is the religious affiliation of your parent(s)?: 3
What was your high school admissions average? (% percentage score): 5
What was your second-year first semester average (%)?: 7
What was your second-year second semester average (%)?: 7
What was your third-year first semester average (%)?: 7
What was your third-year second semester average (%)?: 7
What was your fourth-year first semester average (%)?: 7
Which term would you consider was the most difficult?: 2
Which term would you consider was the most easy?: 2
Have you ever failed a course?: 2
Have you ever failed a midterm/exam?: 2
Favourite Professors (if multiple, separate with comma)?: 12
What is your favourite required course in ECE?: 2
What is your LEAST favourite required course in ECE?: 2
Which technical electives did you take?  (course codes only): 16
APS### (1): 18
ECE###: 19
What Complimentary Studies (CSS)/Humanities &amp; Social Science (HSS) electives did you take? (course codes only): 16
APS### (2): 16
TEP###: 17
GRE###: 20
What Science/Math did you take? (course code only): 13
Did you take a course over PEY?: 4
Have you ever take summer courses?: 3
Have you ever overloaded (taken 6 or more courses in a semester)? : 2
What terms did you overload?: 33
What terms did you overload? (2nd year - 1st semester): 33
What terms did you overload? (2nd year - 2nd semester): 33
What terms did you overload? (3rd year - 1st semester): 33
What terms did you overload? (3rd year - 2nd semester): 33
What terms did you overload? (4th year - 1st semester): 33
What terms did you overload? (4th year - 2nd semester): 33
Have you participated in an exchange?: 3
If yes, where did you do your exchange?: 50
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not?: 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Location uncertainty/mismatch): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Money/Costs of exchange): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Application logistics): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Did not know that was an option): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Worried about graduatingon time): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Lack of course flexibility): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Not interested in exchange): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Cancelled/unable): 6
If you did not do an exchange, what were your reasons for not? (Other): 6
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op?: 3
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Hardware): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (VSLI Systems): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Electrical Energy Systems): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Other Electrical Systems): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Embedded): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Frontend SWE): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Backend SWE): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Full Stack): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Q/A Testing): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (DevOps): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Mobile): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Machine Learning): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Consulting): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Unrelated): 2
What area(s) did you do your PEY Co-op? (Other): 2
Where did you do your PEY Co-op?: 3
What was your hourly pay for PEY?: 5
Who was your employer?: 8
Please rate your work term experience. : 4
Do you think that the pandemic affected your search for a PEY Co-op negatively?: 4
Will you be returning to your past PEY employer?: 5
After graduation, my next step is..: 2
If you are doing grad school, where will you study?: 51
Will you obtain your Professional Engineering (P.Eng) designation?: 6
Regardless of your current circumstance, where do you prefer for your Full-Time job to be?: 2
If you are working, what is your Full-Time Base Salary for your role?: 20
Currency: USD, CAD, EUR (1): 22
If you are working, what is your Full-Time Total Compensation for your role?: 27
Currency: USD, CAD, EUR (2): 27
Which company are you going to for Full-Time work?: 25
When did you start your Full-Time Job Search?: 33
When did you stop your your Full-Time Job Search?: 36
What was your CGPA, Cumulative Grade Point Average (% score)? : 18
Are you returning to the company where you did your PEY? : 18
Are you returning to the company where you did a summer internship? : 22
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job?: 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Benefits): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Career Growth Opportunities): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Company Culture ): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Compensation): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Impactful Work): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Industry that I Want to be Working In): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Lack of Other Opportunities): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Remote Work Flexibility): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (To Be Near Family): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (To be Near Friends): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (To be Near a Significant Other): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Other Location-Based Reason): 18
What are the reasons you chose your Full-Time Job? (Other): 18
Are you planning to do Grad Trip?: 1
Where are you going on your Grad Trip (countries or Canadian province)?: 21
What will you do after an ECE-related career, apart from retirement? : 22
Please score your post-grad contentedness: 9
How much debt are you graduating with?: 11
How much of your tuition did you pay on your own (%) ?: 15
Did you receive OSAP at least once?: 6
Did you receive UTAPS at least once?: 7
Would you consider donating to UofT in the future?: 6
How satisfied are you with your academic experience at UofT?: 7
How satisfied are you with your student life at UofT?: 7
Would you choose your same program again?: 5
If you responded no, which program would you have chosen instead?: 40
How likely is it you would recommend this department to other prospective students?: 5
I developed close friendships within my ECE class: 6
Overall, my class is tight-knit and friendly with each other: 5
How many close friends would you say you have in the ECE 2T2 cohort?  : 5
How many friends would you say you have in the ECE 2T2 cohort?  : 5
Overall, my feelings about the ECE department are: 4
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following?: 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Anxiety): 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Depression): 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Imposter Syndrome): 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Low Self-Esteem): 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Panic Attacks): 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (Eating Disorders): 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (ADD/ADHD): 5
During your time at UofT, have you experienced any of the following? (None of the above): 5
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively?: 6
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (School Academics): 6
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Social Life): 6
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Relationships): 6
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Family): 6
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Athletics): 6
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Other): 6
Which aspects, if any, contributed to your mental health negatively? (Nothing contributed negatively): 6
Have you sought out mental health support at the university?: 5
Which mental health supports did you seek out?: 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (support from friends): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (support from family): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (mental health office/therapy at UofT): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (therapy outside UofT): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Self-help books/websites/readings): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Online communities): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Reddit): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Religious Communities): 24
Which mental health supports did you seek out? (Other): 24
Would you attribute changes in your mental health, if any, to your university experiences?: 7
Do you think UofT has adequate mental health resources for students?: 6
In first year, where did you live?: 3
In your last year, where did you live?: 4
How many hours a week do you spend with your parents (online/digitally)?: 6
How many hours a week do you spend with your parents (in-person)?: 6
How often do you exercise?: 6
What types of physical activity do you do?: 13
How often do you cook for yourself?: 7
Where do you get groceries from?: 13
Eating on campus! Where are your favourite places to eat on campus?: 16
Do you budget your money: 6
What makes you happy?: 15
What are some hobbies that you picked up during the last 5 years?: 14
How often do you go out?: 7
Are you going to grad ball?: 7
How many hackathons have you attended?: 9
What clubs, design teams, or committees have you been a member of at UofT?: 19
What intramural sports have you played at UofT?: 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Tennis): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Soccer): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Volleyball): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Badminton ): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Ultimate): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Intertube Waterpolo): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Lacrosse): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Field Hockey): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Hockey): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Dodgeball): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Ping Pong): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Table Tennis): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (Basketball): 17
What intramural sports have you played at UofT? (None): 17
How often did you participate in an intramural sport?: 9
What activities did you participate in off-campus?: 31
How many times did you fall ill or were injured over the past 5 years?: 9
What is your preferred operating system?: 9
What is your preferred mobile operating system?: 9
What is your favourite programming language?: 9
What is your favourite code editor?: 9
When do you usually go to sleep during the school term?: 9
How many hours a day would you sleep?: 8
Which of the following applies to you?: 28
Which of the following applies to you? (Have gone to a nightclub): 25
Which of the following applies to you? (Have gone to class while drunk/high): 25
Which of the following applies to you? (Have taken an edible in class ): 25
Which of the following applies to you? (have taken a test or exam while drunk or high ): 25
Which of the following applies to you? (have been arrested before): 25
Which of the following applies to you? (had to go to the hospital due to alcohol/drug intake): 25
How many committed relationships have you been in during university?: 11
Have you dated another ECE 2T2?: 8
How has your understanding of relationships changed in the past 5 years?: 29
Which of the following have you done before university?: 33
Which of the following have you done before university? (Hold hands romantically): 28
Which of the following have you done before university? (Gone on a date): 28
Which of the following have you done before university? (Kissed someone romantically): 28
Which of the following have you done before university? (Been in a committed relationship): 28
Which of the following have you done before university? (Been in a long distance relationship): 28
Which of the following have you done before university? (Had 'friends with benefits'): 28
Which of the following have you done before university? (Used a dating app): 28
Which of the following have you done during university?: 23
Which of the following have you done during university? (Hold hands romantically): 23
Which of the following have you done during university? (Gone on a date): 23
Which of the following have you done during university? (Kissed someone romantically): 23
Which of the following have you done during university? (Been in a committed relationship): 23
Which of the following have you done during university? (Been in a long distance relationship): 23
Which of the following have you done during university? (Had 'friends with benefits'): 23
Which of the following have you done during university? (Used a dating app): 23
List the recreational controlled substances you have used during university: 34
1. Share a story, happy or sad, from your time in ECE: 38
2. What is something you regret over your time at UofT?: 28
3. Give a piece of advice to your fellow ECE 2T2 - 2023 grads: 28
How many sexual partners have you had: 49